[Music]
To enable the transcript and captions
feature, go to settings and click AI.
Here you'll have the option to enable
either real-time transcription or file
transcription. You can choose which AI
service to use or choose not to enable
any of them. You can also provide your
own license key for the AI service of
your choice. Cutting Room also offers
its own built-in AI transcription
service. Simply set your preferred
default language for file transcription
and you're ready to go. Once enabled,
return to your project, click the
transcript button on the left side, and
create a transcript. The transcript for
your project will now appear. With the
transcript feature, you can easily edit
your videos directly from text by
selecting the parts you want to use,
either in the source player or in your
timeline. When you highlight a section
of text, in-n-out points are
automatically created in whichever view
you're working in. Using the source
player, you can quickly locate and
select the parts of your footage you
want to include in your project.
Clicking on any word in the transcript
will move the play head to that exact
point in the video. You can also search
for words in the transcript, making it
much easier to navigate larger projects.
There are also settings for the
transcript. Click the gear icon in the
top left corner to see various options
for enabling and adjusting it. Here you
can fine-tune settings such as duration,
silence, words, characters per second,
characters per line, and speakers. As
you adjust these settings, you'll see
the transcript update in real time. This
can help you make the transcript easier
to read, improve timing accuracy, and
ensure it matches the pacing of your
video. Now, let's move on to captions.
Here, you'll also see your transcript
along with a button called add to
timeline. Before you click it, it's
important to first adjust your caption
settings to make sure they look and
behave the way you want. You can do this
by clicking the gear icon in the top
left corner where you can fine-tune
options such as duration, silence,
words, characters per second, characters
per line, and speakers. As you make
changes, the captions will update in
real time, helping to improve
readability, timing, accuracy, and
pacing. Once you're happy with the
settings, click add to timeline. All the
caption templates you've created will
appear here. Choose the style you want,
and the captions will be added directly
to your timeline. We show how to create
and customize these templates in a
separate video. So, here we'll focus on
how to apply and use them. If the text
is incorrect or doesn't match the timing
of your video, you can easily fix it by
doubleclicking on the caption. This
opens the edit view where you can adjust
the text itself and set exactly when and
where you want it to appear.
[Music]